Update Documentation for the Migrated SDK (#62)
asgardeo/asgardeo-auth-angular-sdk: README.md

### `AsgardeoAuthService`

In the components, `AsgardeoAuthService` can be used to take advantage of all of supported authentication features provided. This service inherits from the `IdentityClient` of the [@asgardeo/auth-spa](https://github.com/asgardeo/asgardeo-auth-spa-sdk).

#### signIn

```typescript
signIn(): Promise<BasicUserInfo>
```

As the name implies, this method is used to sign-in users. This method will have to be called twice to implement the two phases of the authentication process. The first phase generates generates the authorization URL and takes the user to the identity provider, while second phase triggers the token request to complete the authentication process. So, this method should be called when initiating authentication and when the user is redirected back to the app after authenticating themselves with the server. 

Therefore, developers can use this method to custom implement their own redirect flow after sign-in.

#### signInWithRedirect

```typescript
signInWithRedirect(): Promise<boolean>
```

> This method sign-in and redirects the user back to the route where the authentication flow was initiated. To use this function following steps needs to be fulfilled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method signs in and redirects the user back to the route where the authentication flow was initiated. To use this function following steps need to be fulfilled.
```

#### getIDToken

```TypeScript
getIDToken(): Promise<string>
```

This returns a promise that resolves with the id token.

#### getDecodedIDToken

```typescript
getDecodedIDToken(): Promise<DecodedIDTokenPayload>
```

This method returns a promise that resolves with a [`DecodedIDTokenPayload`](https://github.com/asgardeo/asgardeo-auth-spa-sdk#decodedidtokenpayload) object, which contains the decoded payload of the JWT ID token as mentioned in the table below.

| Method             | Type                   | Description                                    |
| ------------------ | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| aud                | `string` \| `string[]` | The audience.                                  |
| sub                | `string`               | The subject. This is the username of the user. |
| iss                | `string`               | The token issuer.                              |
| email              | `string`               | The email address.                             |
| preferred_username | `string`               | The preferred username.                        |

> | tenant_domain      | `string`               | The tenant domain to which the user belongs.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
